README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
1-start date:22 dec 2022 
2-end date : 11 feb 2023
### Project Title
bikeshare project 
### Description
1- in this project, i make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States?Chicago, New York City, and Washington., i wrote code to import the data and computing descriptive statistics.
2- the tools in project : excel , pycharm , jupyter notebook, anacoda
3- project focous on pandas library usage and simple statistics methods
### Files used
1- excel sheet for chicago 
2 -excel sheet for new york city 
3-excel sheet for washington
### Credits
It's important to give proper credit. Add links to any repo that inspired you or blogposts you consulted.

Commit message:

docs: add to desciption statistics displayed

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
1-start date:22 dec 2022 
2-end date : 11 feb 2023
### Project Title
bikeshare project 
### Description
1- in this project, i make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States?Chicago, New York City, and Washington., i wrote code to import the data and computing descriptive statistics.
2- the tools in project : excel , pycharm , jupyter notebook, anacoda
3- project focous on pandas  library  and numpy 
4- statistics displayed : the most popular day ,month and hour , the total and average time ,the counts of user types and gender
### Files used
1- excel sheet for chicago 
2 - excel sheet for new york city 
3- excel sheet for washington
### Credits
It's important to give proper credit. Add links to any repo that inspired you or blogposts you consulted.
